It seems clear that SEM is a
channel that has many advantages,
and we talked about the immediate,
few risks, performance and
others, but I would love to
know all the companies that
want to opt within their mix of
channels for SEM, what they
have to do or what they have
to take into account to do well.
From the same Google AdWords
platform they have to generate their
campaigns.
The first thing to do is
ask yourself what the keywords
are, the searches on which
I have to appear.
There are three elements to choose from.
The volume itself, because I have to
be able to have a volume of searches.
I am relevant.
I can be a small neighborhood shoe shop
and be relevant for sports shoes,
but if I am going to fight with
a Didas, a Nike or an Asos, for
example, because maybe I have to
look for other niches and see,
take advantage of another way.
The third is the cost
of the keywords.
It's profitable, it'll be profitable
for me some time.
You need to make some calculations
to get an idea.
We have to choose.
In the end, searches are words
that are introduced.
Then we have to choose
which words we want
to appear in.
At the end of the day, each
company has a different choice
of words.
The stars are costume, measurements,
stars, they can be different.
There is one key point that
we always discuss with our customers.
This is Pull Marketing,
not Push Marketing.
This means that we need to understand
what the target language of my users is.
Then I can, as the CEO of my
company or marketing director
or marketing manager, have
an idea of what my super chulo
product is and what it
is.
But that's not why the user I'm
looking for will look for this
product itself.
So I have to do this exercise
that is sometimes a bit complicated,
but really my users
look for it.
This is the first key of all
of the SEM.
Yes, because you can name your
product in one way, but in the
customer's mind the search is
different.
It is exactly this.
And we have to keep in mind, when
we choose those words, we have
to keep in mind that there are
no competitors that are much
stronger, willing to pay
much more basically.
Of course, in fact.
We have already identified
what the keywords are.
That is.
Then we have to define the ads.
As we said before, a text ad
is two lines of title of up
to 30 characters.
You need to have a little writing
ability and a 80 description.
Then this ad has to be credible,
be consistent with the search
and give the user a wish to
click.
A lot of things in a few characters.
And the fourth fundamental element
is where I send the tragic.
Because I can send to my homepage,
to the homepage, but if I am doing
a search for men's costumes
in Madrid, then I have my
category of men's costumes.
I will have the courage to
send this.
Why is?
Because always maximize the relationship
and consistency between the search
that has been performed and
the content, the response I am giving,
which is a mixture between the ad
itself and where I direct traffic.
It is not only that the advertisement
is very attractive.
It is one of the parts.
It is one of the parties.
But you pinch and take you to something that
doesn't have excessive relationship and
you say, this isn't.
Not only will the user penalize
you, but the algorithm
itself, the Google or Bing
tool itself, will penalize you.
And in the end, what will happen?
You will pay more and more.
Why is?
The tool identifies
these positive or negative
behaviors of users.
and Genius.
We have chosen keywords, we
have created our ads within
Google AdWords and now we
have to hire them.
What else should we consider?
It is that I have to define the pooh
up to how many euros or how many
cents I am willing to pay for each
click.
This has to be defined for every
thing.
So what does this poo influence?
It affects how many times I will
appear and it affects where
I will appear.
First, second, third, fourth and so on.
It's not the only element
to determine positioning because
as we talked before, the overall
charity of both the ad
and the ad landing page
also affect this.
But it is one of the elements.
That is, imagine, they give us
a range, we can pay for this to this.
Or not, a recommendation.
Google gives you a recommendation.
And it's not me having more money, I'
m willing to pay more and I'm sure
to be the first.
That's a criterion that Google
uses, that you pay more than
others, but what it says is
quality.
actually is.
There is something that is fundamental
in all this.
The three elements we have
mentioned, keywords, ad and
auction, are dynamic elements
that if I have a new
ad idea I will be able
to try.
If I have a new keyword idea,
I will be able to configure
it and see what results
it will bring.
And the auction is something I am going
up and down based on my results,
where I come from, with respect
to my business plan, this
type of elements.
And that's where we get into
a real professional management
Well, really what Google AdWords
allows us to manage it to permanently
optimize it because you
can play with the three levers.
That's what I said, it's immediate.
It is immediate.
And there is an immediate effect to the
game on these three levers.